FAQ Entries - Part C (#2625)
dafny-lang/dafny: docs/HowToFAQ/FAQTermination.md

---
title: Is there a way to disable termination checks for recursive predicate definitions that I know to be logically consistent?
---

## Question

Is there a way to disable termination checks for recursive predicate definitions that I know to be logically consistent?

## Answer

> Well, first of all, be careful about thinking things like "I know this to be logically consostent". Verifiers exist to check our human tendency to hand-wave over iquestionable assumptions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well, first of all, be careful about thinking things like "I know this to be logically consistent". Verifiers exist to check our human tendency to hand-wave over questionable assumptions.
```
